directly from Vodafone 360 presentation
in my hand there is the h1 from Sam Soon
so as you can see this is the new user
interface all icons you have also this
type of view as you can see the
scrolling is pretty fast because the
screen is capacitive so you have also
the multi-touch let's go in the main one
just to show a little preview every
single application as I preview as you
can see that connects now it's updating
and you will see some information at the
beginning so if you like what you see
you just open it and then you go
directly and you read what you want to
know
different applications as you can see
then there is the new people service
that is an advanced contact made by Jeep
as you can see there are some phases
with the persons these are all its 3d so
when you go inside these are the newest
one these are the most used so there is
a kind of perspective in the usage these
are the one that you use more and more
SMS more calling more chat
the green button means that is online
and then these are the services that are
for each person phone calls
traditional messaging means MMS and SMS
email charts and then the gelatinization
there is also video calling 360 means
that is logged on the new vodafone
service it's the name and then there is
also the facebook update normal phone
call this code for your contacts
then there is also the new search
function few seconds of touch its you
can put your a different web search
google there is a shot then the member
of Vodafone so is a search on the phone
let's also see the quality it's really
cool and fast to use the camera on the
back is a 5 megapixel it's the main one
there is also one in the front for the
video calling 5 megapixel with LED flash
and there is also the speaker on the
phone 3.5 millimeter jack turning on and
off button the balance of the volume mic
rest
Micro USB to sync and to charge and at
the bottom of the phone there is a LED
for the status every time that you have
a new message a new chart means that
will turn on this phone is expected to
come in the market for the Christmas
time for Cholula magazine tip in my
lumia piano with the vodafone each one